Common_name	Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species	Wiki
cat	Animalia	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Felidae	Felis	Felis catus	"The cat (Felis catus), commonly referred to as the domestic cat or house cat, is the only domesticated species in the family Felidae. It is commonly kept as a house pet and farm cat, but also ranges freely as a feral cat avoiding human contact. It is valued by humans for companionship and its ability to kill vermin."
dog	Animalia	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Canidae	Canis	Canis lupus familiaris	"The dog is a domesticated descendant of the wolf. The dog has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes. Dog breeds vary widely in shape, size, and color. They perform many roles for humans, such as hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police and the military, companionship, therapy, and aiding disabled people. Over the millennia, dogs became uniquely adapted to human behavior, and the human–canine bond has been a topic of frequent study."
common kingfisher	Animalia	Chordata	Aves	Coraciiformes	Alcedinidae	Alcedo	Alcedo atthis	"The common kingfisher, also known as the Eurasian kingfisher and river kingfisher, is a small kingfisher with seven subspecies recognized within its wide distribution across Eurasia and North Africa. It is resident in much of its range, but migrates from areas where rivers freeze in winter. This sparrow-sized bird has the typical short-tailed, large-headed kingfisher profile; it has blue upperparts, orange underparts and a long bill. It feeds mainly on fish, caught by diving, and has special visual adaptations to enable it to see prey under water. The glossy white eggs are laid in a nest at the end of a burrow in a riverbank."
carrion crow	Animalia	Chordata	Aves	Passerformes	Corvidae	Corvus	Corvus corone	"The carrion crow is a passerine bird of the family Corvidae and the genus Corvus which is native to western Europe and the eastern Asia. The plumage of the carrion crow is black with a green or purple sheen, much greener than the gloss of the rook."
daisy	Plantae	Magnoliophyta	Angiosperms	Asterales	Asteraceae	Bellis	Bellis perennis	"Bellis perennis is a perennial herbaceous plant growing to 20 centimetres (8 inches) in height. The flowerheads are composite, about 2 to 3 cm in diameter, in the form of a pseudanthium, consisting of many sessile flowers with white ray florets, often tipped red, and yellow disc florets."
wax plant	Plantae	Magnoliophyta	Angiosperms	Gentianales	Asclepiadaceae	Hoya	Hoya carnosa	"Hoya carnosa, the porcelainflower or wax plant, is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family Apocynaceae. It is one of the many species of Hoya that are native to Eastern Asia and Australia. It is a common house plant grown for its attractive waxy foliage, and sweetly scented flowers. It is grown well in pots and hanging baskets."
spider orchid	Plantae	Magnoliophyta	Angiosperms	Orchidaceae	Epidendroideae	Brassia	Brassia caudata	"Brassia caudata is a species of orchid. It is found widespread across the warmer parts of the Western Hemisphere, reported from southern Mexico (Chiapas, Campeche, Quintana Roo, Tabasco, Veracruz), Central America, southern Florida, Greater Antilles, Trinidad, northern South America.It is also known by the common names tailed Brassia, spider orchid and cricket orchid"
venus slipper orchid	Plantae	Magnoliophyta	Angiosperms	Orchidaceae	Cypripedioideae	Paphiopedilum	Paphiopedilum primulinum	"Paphiopedilum, often called the Venus slipper, is a genus of the lady slipper orchid subfamily Cypripedioideae of the flowering plant family Orchidaceae. The genus comprises some 80 accepted taxa including several natural hybrids. The genus is native to Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, southern China, New Guinea and the Solomon and Bismarck Islands. Due to their popularity, Paphiopedilums have been ruthlessly gathered and poached from the wild, making them very rare or extinct there. As soon as a new species or population is discovered, poachers will take the plants for orchid collectors who pay large sums of money. Habitat destruction is an additional factor contributing to their rarity."
